We're going to start off this module with a simple in‑memory database.
This is a great way to get things up and running and try
some things within your application,
but not really something that you should deploy your application to
production in the long run with. The good thing about it is switching
to a different database from the in‑memory version should require
very few code changes, in fact, usually just some basic configuration changes.
Spring enables you to add a couple lines of configuration and not need to
know anything else about the underlying data store.
And this is the code that we will configure in our app
using in‑memory authentication. A user named Bryan, in our
case, and a password of pass.
This user will also have the role of USER assigned to it.
We could have other roles or have a different password, as you can see,
it's just defined by us as to what we're looking for inside of this. Let's add that to our application now.